Every time we have a new model, there's
a set of capabilities that are
different. People tend to think about
model intelligence as IQ. We think of it
kind of differently. Intelligence for us
is multi-dimensional. It's not just a
score. What is the real-world capability
of this model? Each model generation
gives you the chance to do more with it,
to do it better, to do it more
efficiently, because we think the
returns to frontier intelligence are
extremely high. And it's extremely high,
especially in enterprise. That's a core
thesis of our business.
>> Chris, I have been so excited for this
conversation because you get to see from
the inside one of the most interesting
businesses in world history at maybe the
most interesting time in world history,
at least if you're a technologist or
care about technology. One of the things
that fascinates me most, just to like
dive right into something that I think
we're both quite passionate about, is
this question of compute that you have
to deal with all day, every day. It's a
key part of what you do. It's a key part
of what these companies are are doing,
and there's just this whole revolution
happening. I'd love you to just start by
explaining what it's like to have to
deal with that. Like I understand at one
point you were having like a daily
meeting about how to allocate to compute
and to who and why. Just like bring us
into that part of your life because I
think it's like right at the cutting
edge of what's going on.
>> Look, the compute that we procure is
it's the lifeblood of our business. It
is the most important thing in the
company. It is the thing on which it's
like the canvas on which everything else
gets built. And so, the decisions we
make in how much compute to buy are some
of the most consequential and hardest
decisions to make in the entire company.
You know, think of it this way, if you
buy too much compute, you go out of
business. If you buy too little compute,
you can't serve your customers. And and
and you're not at the frontier. It is
the same thing. So, you know, we talk a
lot about this cone of uncertainty, but
the idea of just these purchases that
have these real-world implications,
right? You can't just go out and, you
know, buy a gigawatt of compute and have
it delivered next week. You have to
really think ahead to plan for this. And
so, we really take a very disciplined
approach to how we think about it. So,
we look bottoms-up. You know, we model
what we think demand will be. Obviously,
we sometimes get that wrong.
We think about the compute we need to
stay at the frontier, and we really look
ahead and try to estimate that. And
then, as we go out and actually do these
deals to procure compute, you know,
flexibility is really important to us.
And so, we build that flexibility into
the deals themselves. We build that
flexibility into how we use the computer
as well, because the way in which we
bridge from a from a position we are
today to where we want to go when the
business is growing exponentially is to
use that compute as efficiently as
possible. I would say I spend 30 or 40%
of my time on compute even today. What
does flexibility mean in that example?
So, it means a couple of different
things. Number one, you know, we use
three different chip platforms. So, we
are customers of Amazon's training and
chip, Google's TPUs, and Nvidia's GPUs.
You know, we use these chips fungibly.
So,
if you think about the compute we buy,
we're using it for model development,
we're using it internally to speed up
our own product and model development,
and then we're also using it obviously
to serve customers. We across those
three chip platforms, we're using
compute for all of those internal and
external uses. And that flexibility, it
actually took us a long time to be able
to do that. We've invested in that over
multiple years to be what I believe the
most efficient users of compute amongst
any of the frontier labs.
And that's not something that just
happened overnight. You know, when we
started using TPUs, I think it was maybe
the third generation TPUs was was the
first one we used
at scale. People thought, "Oh, well,
you're crazy. Everyone's using GPUs. Why
aren't you using GPUs?" And we've
invested very heavily to be able to use
that compute incredibly flexibly. And
then we look across the different
generations of those chip platforms and
use each generation for the best
workload internally. And so we really
built this orchestration layer that
gives us that flexibility to use all
different
types of compute. And in doing so, we
also are able to get the most value out
of it.
>> Am I thinking about this in the right
way that like something like CUDA that
has been a part of Nvidia's story for a
long time now that allows you to do a
lot with the underlying actual hardware
that you want to sort of eke your way
into being as close to the bare metal as
possible. And And that's what That's
part of this flexibility and being able
to control as many of the variables as
you can. Is that Is that the journey
that you've been on?
>> That's part of the journey for sure, but
it's also been actually pretty
collaborative. So we work really closely
with the Annapurna Labs team at Amazon
to help to influence the road map of of
these chips because, you know, we we
believe you know, what we're doing is
really stressing the limits of what
these chips are capable of.
Uh and that means that like a dollar of
compute inside our organization goes
further than I think it does anywhere
else. But importantly, we basically want
to to utilize each chip to its best
purpose within the company. So that does
mean that you know, we're building our
own compilers. We're really building
things from the chip level up in order
to have that customization and that
flexibility to use it internally the way
we think uh will generate the most ROI.
>> Can you explain this cone of uncertainty
thing? Like I want to ask about all the
component parts of this, but that feels
like a really key like starting point or
overall frame for how to think about
both sourcing and then you the uses of
compute. Can you just explain what that
concept is?
>> Sure. When you're building and growing a
business exponentially, you know, really
small movements in monthly or weekly
growth rates result in compounding very
very different outcomes. And so as we're
thinking ahead, you know, even with our
revenue growth, it's really hard to
predict this business, right? And it's
really hard I think humans mostly think
linearly, and you think incrementally.
And that's something, you know, I've
been at the company for 2 years, that's
something I've That's paradigm I've had
to break for myself, right? To stop just
thinking linearly and think on this
exponential. When you're on this
exponential, again, the range of
outcomes starts to be really, really
wide. We look at a range of scenarios,
and we look at different points in that
cone of uncertainty over, you know, a a
1- to 2-year period, and then we kind of
work backwards from that. And what we
want to do is we want to be at a place
where we can, you know, obviously still
be at the frontier. That's the most
important thing. Uh to be able to serve
customers, and then to be able to have
enough internal compute to accelerate
our employees. It's It's interesting, if
we were to say to our employees, you
can't use our models anymore,
um we could serve billions of dollars of
revenue with that compute that we
allocate to employees internally, but we
want to take a long-term view
uh and a long-term perspective on that
cone of uncertainty uh because we want
to range towards the top end of these of
these outcomes, but we have to plan for
that. And as we go, that's how we think
about buying compute in a disciplined
way. The most important thing is what
happens if you are at one point in the
cone of uncertainty, but you've only
bought compute for a different point.
That's where this compute efficiency is
something that has it really has helped
us out.
>> Can you bring us into the room for the
conversations around the tradeoffs
between those I'm so interested by those
three buckets of like training,
research, internal use uh broadly
speaking, and then serving customer
demand? You know, na- naively you might
think like a okay, it's a third a third
a third allocation or something. Like,
how much does that range around? What
are the tradeoffs? Like, what What is
that discussion like on an ongoing
basis?
>> We, in addition to meeting about compute
procurement, we meet a lot about compute
allocation. I think what's important is
it starts with a place where our culture
is a one that's incredibly
collaborative, and that informs how this
conversation happens. So, there's not
like fiefdoms. It's done in a very like
collaborative, not a zero-sum way. But,
there's a level of compute for for
development that we will not go below,
right? So, even if it means um it's
harder to serve customers or we have to
do kind of unnatural things when it
comes to that, we want to continue to
make that long-term investment in
developing the best models because we
think the returns to frontier
intelligence are extremely high. And
it's extremely high especially in
enterprise.
But so that kind of puts a floor on the
compute that's allocated to to model
development. And then as we think about
the internal use of compute, it really
helps us to speed up that model
development and to speed up finding
those
compute efficiency multipliers that
really get us more from each dollar of
compute. So, when we're talking about
it, each team is kind of representing
what they would do with that compute.
And then we have a really open and frank
discussion about how we think about ROI.
And because we can allocate that compute
so dynamically, we can make changes, we
can make adjustments in that on a
relatively short time horizon.
>> The efficiency thing is so interesting
to me.
I'm curious if you have a sense of like
how much more efficient you are versus
your own internal benchmarks from a year
ago or something or versus others that
you have some sense of how efficient
they are. How do you measure
what efficiency means?
>> So, there's a couple different ways I I
would think about it. From a model
perspective, I think the analogy people
have when these new models come out is
like they're kind of like cars. You had
a sedan before and then you might have
the higher-end version of that sedan and
you're kind of moving moving moving up
the chain. And I think that is true in
terms of model intelligence. The way the
place that analogy kind of breaks down a
little bit is people think, okay, I'm
going going from the sedan to the sports
car, and we get much less get fuel
efficiency, right? I'm not going to buy
the sports car for the gas mileage. In
our case, we actually see both
improvements, huge improvements in
capability, but also in model
efficiency. And so if you look at going
from Opus, you know, four to four five,
four six, and now four seven, you know,
each one of those leaps, they're not
equal, but each one of those leaps to a
new model has a multiplier in terms of
how much more efficient it it is at at
at processing tokens effectively. And
that just doesn't serve customers. That
also helps us internally as well.
Because if you think about if we're
using the model for if we're doing
reinforcement learning on the model,
it's basically inference within a
sandbox with a reward function, right?
And so if the model's better at more
efficient inference that RL is more
efficient as well. And so we're able to
do this kind of win-win where the
customer is getting more capability when
we release a new model. And then we're
able to serve that model sometimes again
a multiple more efficient than the prior
generation. And then when we're in
between generations, we're we're
dynamically deploying efficiency
improvements kind of in between these
like more step function model changes.
And so it is always getting more
efficient over time. And what fuels that
is the research team. So if you think
about it, all these things are very
connected. These various tasks and and
workloads that we have internally all
kind of fit together in this way of you
know, doing R&D to for model
capabilities, for compute efficiency,
for serving customers, and then having
internal workloads that can be sped up
by using the best models, sometimes
models that we haven't released. Most
software companies try to maximize your
time on their app to juice engagement.
Ramp does the exact opposite. Ramp
understands that no one wants to spend
hours chasing receipts, reviewing
expense reports, and checking for policy
violations. So they built their tools to
give that time back using AI to automate
85% of expense reviews with 99%
accuracy. And since Ramp saves companies
5%, it's no wonder that Shopify runs on
Ramp, Stripe runs on Ramp, and my
business does too. To see what happens
when you eliminate the busy work, check
out ramp.com/invest.
Felix by Rogo is a personal finance
agent that turns a single prompt into
finished client-ready work using your
firm's own templates, contacts, and
standards. Send Felix an email like,
"Take these comments and turn them for
me." Or, "Update my tracker with the
context of these emails. Four, run the
ability to pay math on this buyer, and
Felix sends back finished PowerPoint
decks, Excel models, and sourced
research.
Felix works the way your team already
does, delivering work quickly and
accurately around the clock. Learn more
at rogo.ai/felix.
OpenAI, Cursor, Anthropic, Perplexity,
and Vercel all have something in common.
They all use WorkOS. And here's why. To
achieve enterprise adoption at scale,
you have to deliver on core keeping
abilities like SSO, SCIM, RBA, and audit
logs. That's where WorkOS comes in.
Instead of spending months building
these mission-critical capabilities
yourself, you can just use WorkOS APIs
to gain all of them on day zero. That's
why so many of the top AI teams you hear
about already run on WorkOS. WorkOS is
the fastest way to become
enterprise-ready and stay focused on
what matters most, your product. Visit
workos.com to get started.
>> You said something really important
before, which is the returns to being at
the frontier are really high. Can you
just explain that in in as much detail
as you can? Sounds obvious when you say
it, but there's certainly been some
camps that like, "Oh, I'll just, you
know, I can use the 6-month-old model,
and it's a fraction of the cost, and
uh I'll just use that, and that'll be
catching up all the time." And that just
like hasn't been the case. Like it
everyone the second Opus 4.7 comes out,
like even me as a consumer, the first
the thing you do is you switch it on, or
GPT 5.5 comes out, you switch on the new
one right away. Like I want the I want
the best. So, talk about the returns to
being on the frontier, and why why it's
so high.
>> I think it's a couple things. It's every
time we have a new model, there's a set
of capabilities that are different.
People tend to think about model
intelligence as IQ. It's a single
number. Okay, this model was at 110, and
then it goes to 125. We think of it kind
of differently. Intelligence for us is
multi-dimensional. It's not just a
score. In fact, we find that yes,
everyone publishes their model benchmark
cards, find that a lot of those
benchmarks are saturated. You know, we
we publish it, too, but what our
measurement is what the customers tell
us. Like, what is the real world
capability of this model? And as we've
released better and better models, what
we've seen is it's not just, you know,
the outright intelligence. It's also the
ability to do long horizon tasks. It's
the ability to use tools or computer
use. It's the ability to do things for
agentic tasks that have specific value
even faster, right? Which means that in
some sense, you know, if you have two
employees and they're maybe both equally
capable, someone takes a week to do you
know, an assignment, someone does it in
a day, well, that second person, if
they're continuing to do that, can be
seven times better, right? They might be
equally capable at something, maybe just
take longer times to do it. So, all of
those factor in to then how customers
experience it. And what we found very
consistently is by releasing new models,
the TAM is unlocked um in a unique way.
Like, more TAM gets unlocked, more use
cases are possible. And a good
illustration of that is this last 4
months that we've had at the company,
right? We started the year with about $9
billion of run rate revenue, and we
ended the quarter with, you know, north
of $30 billion of run rate revenue. I
mean, that kind of a change is really
enabled by these model intelligence
leaps, and then the products that we
build around them. And so, that's what I
mean by the returns to frontier
intelligence are really high. I think
that's unique to enterprise um because
in consumer, sometimes you don't see
that as readily, that that consumers
really are pushing the limits of what
the models can do. Whereas in
enterprise, like our customers are
always now, you know, it started with
coding, but it's really expanded beyond
that pre very meaningfully, but each
model generation gives you the chance to
do more with it, to do it better, to do
it more efficiently, and customers see
that, and then they invest really
heavily in more tokens with the newer
models, and we just have seen that cycle
play out again and again. And that's a
core thesis of our business that
especially in enterprise, the returns to
frontier intelligence are not slowing
down.
>> The The things that push that frontier
is like a sci-fi story or something from
books I was reading when I was growing
up. It seems as though in the major labs
we've reached this point someone someone
on your team said it recently of like
recursive self-improvement where the
models themselves are building and doing
the a lot of the research to do, you
know, the next generation of improvement
and that there is some sort of if I
think about the frontier that you're
pushing and open AI is pushing and
compare that to the open source models
that maybe the gap will widen as a
result of
you getting there first to this like
recursive thing. How do you think about
that? Like what tell us how we should
think about this idea of recursive
self-improvement in the models
themselves because it seems like getting
there first is incredibly important
because then you just can continue to
separate yourself versus the those that
haven't reached it yet.
>> I would say we do see progress
accelerating. We see you know, I can't
speak for other companies, but for us
the scaling laws are, you know, alive
and well and and we're seeing that, you
know, even with releases more recently
like mythos. Right now within the
company, you know, 90 plus percent of
our code is actually written by Claude
code, right? A lot of Claude code's code
is written by Claude code. And so you
think of this as like why do we allocate
compute internally? Why would we would
we forego revenue for it? It's because
it the the models themselves are helping
us to build that next generation of
models. And so in addition to this
capability leap that you would have just
from the scaling laws, talent is really
important and that talent with the best
models can really accelerate the
development of the capabilities and
we're really seeing that. We don't
really think about models as like closed
or open. We think of them as frontier or
not. And the ones that are at the
frontier, you know, clearly are
capturing this economic value, driving
meaningful ROI for customers and we're
just investing behind that thesis and
that means you know, both compute but it
also means talent to use that compute
and use our own models um to to really
accelerate the development. The other
piece of it is to it's not just the
models, it's the products that get built
on top of them, right? So, we had
uh 30 different product and feature
releases in January. The pace of that is
accelerated as well, and that's enabled
in part by
uh utilizing the models with the talent
that we have to to really, you know,
accelerate ways to access this
underlying intelligence. That's kind of
our theory of the case on the product
side.
>> How do you think about this weird world
where you mentioned the talent and the
leverage and they're not writing code
themselves and Cloud Code's writing its
own code? It seems like the the last
step of that would be you don't even
need the talent to tell the thing what
to do. It just figures out what to do on
its own, and that's like the ultimate,
you know, the thing then just runs and
is only constrained by computer or
something. Is that Am I being too crazy
about that, or is that future possible,
do you think?
>> I think that the the core of our company
is still a research lab. I think it's
maybe not as well understood, maybe it's
getting more understood from the
outside, but we're doing experiments. We
are
doing things that, you know, push the
limits of what our models can do. And
that research and that engine is
upstream of everything else that we've
talked about. And so, that is enabled by
the models today. It's not entirely done
by the models. Over time, we think that,
you know, the models will get better,
they'll be more helpful in that process,
but, you know, having the best talent to
set the direction, not just the
priorities, but some of the new areas of
discovery, it just actually makes that
research talent even better, right? And
so, I think of it as, you know,
accentuating and accelerating the talent
that we already have. We talk a lot
about how talent density beats talent
mass.
And I think that's true here. Like, we
want the the the densest collection of,
you know, AI research talent and, you
know, inference engineering talent. And
that enabled with the best models, we
think is a is a really winning
combination.
>> How are scaling laws talked about
internally? Like, the the sort of
consensus has been you've got different
components of them. You've got like
pre-training, you've got um
post-training, you've got reasoning, and
that all of these are kind of moving at
different paces. And to hit a true wall,
they would all need to fall down. Like
that's sort of like how the world is now
conceptualizing scaling laws. How are
they talked about internally? How do you
think about them?
>> Yeah, I mean we look at um models at
various points in their development. We
can see, you know, during a pre-training
run, how does this model compared to a
prior model that that we did um on these
on these kind of loss curves. And that
gives us a sense for a model capability.
You can do the same thing as you think
about RL. And then probably as
importantly as when customers get their
hands on it. Like what are they seeing?
Where are they identifying pain points?
And those pain points are then become
like training targets for us, right? We
don't train on customer data in in the
enterprise side. On the on the prosumer
side, it's it's only if you opt in. But
customers tell us things. Like, "Hey, I
wish the model were better at this." Or
I have I had this particular place where
it got stuck. Um and I could build this
other product, but the capability needs
to be further than that. What we usually
tell them is, "Okay, build your product
for that because we're going to on the
R&D side, you know, improve that over
time." And so, there is this like
connected loop. But internally, we're
always looking at different models that
are being trained, different snapshots
that we have, and comparing them, you
know, internally and to a lesser extent
externally against, you know, our own
measure and then ultimately how our
customers view them as well.
>> And it feels like there's just no
slowdown in the scaling laws themselves.
Is that is that like a fair
characterization?
>> For us, that's a fair characterization.
Yeah, we we are extremely I mean,
obviously a bunch of the authors of the
scaling laws papers are amongst our
founders. Yeah. But, you know,
notwithstanding that, we can be a bit of
a skeptical bunch. Like, you know, we
hold ourselves to a really high
standard. Again, it's this kind of idea
of a research lab that's very kind of
scientific method. And people are
constantly challenging previously held
assumptions. But from what we see, the
scaling laws are not slowing down. So,
if that's true, you you said before it's
hard for humans to be exponential in
their thinking and not linear. Like if
that continues to be true for however
many more, you know, turns of the crank
here, how do you do that thing of not
thinking linear and thinking exponential
yourself in your job and for the
business? Like that the implications are
really hard to reason through. Um
exponential growth rate is one thing,
but exponential growth of capability,
like I don't I like don't even know how
to get my head around it. So, how do you
how do you get your head around it?
>> We we think about the world as
scenarios. It's very hard to have a
point estimate in this business and then
having a very low bar for updating your
current priors or your current
perspective because it it it could be
the case that something a month ago was
true that's just not true today and that
breaks your model. And so this old like,
well, we'll forecast, you know, once a
quarter and we'll, you know, we'll
revisit this in 3 months at the next
board meeting. That doesn't work for a
business. It's so dynamic that we have
to always think about, oh, you know, the
our models couldn't do this before and
they could do this now. What does that
mean for the TAM? We've seen this in
coding first, right? Where, you know,
starting with around Sonnet 3.5 3.6, we
started to see this really remarkable
jump in capability, which was then
followed by adoption and usage and
revenue. And you know, it was a little
hard to predict that, but now we can use
coding as an analog for a lot of what's
happening elsewhere in the economy and
elsewhere in our business. And so we
kind of look at pattern recognition in
our own business to try to predict
what's going to happen in the future.
>> Literally 15 minutes before you got
here, the news came out about your
partnership with xAI and the Tennessee
facility. It makes me curious about how
you are canvassing the world for like
that is an opportunity you decided to
do. Like I'm sure there's a universe of
things that you've explored. What is the
strategy for trying to get more in
creative ways? Like bring it bring us a
little bit more into that.
>> We announced a partnership uh with
SpaceX for their Colossus facility in
Memphis. We're really excited about
that. It's going to allow us to continue
to expand, especially on the consumer
and prosumer side. But that's just one
example of us, just as you said,
looking, um, for near-term compute,
uh, wherever we can get it. As the
compute base grows, that near-term
compute becomes a smaller and smaller
fraction of of of what's available and
what's out there. But, you know, we look
at it as, can we deploy that compute
that's available productively? Um,
sometimes the the answer is yes and
sometimes it's no. But if we can, then,
you know, we look at like kind of the
economic return on it, you know, based
on what it's priced, what duration we
have it for, you know, where it's
located, what type of computer it is,
and how efficiently we can run it. So we
have kind of a process to assess. And
that same process, by the way, we use to
assess longer-term deals as well. So,
last month, you know, we signed a 5
gigawatt deal with Google and with
Broadcom for TPUs,
um, starting in 2027. We also signed a a
deal with Amazon for Trainium for up to
5 gigawatts as well. It was an over 100
billion-dollar commitment, and a lot of
that computer is actually like already
landing and will land in the rest of
this year and into next year. And so, if
you think about it, it's a bit of this
layer cake of compute that's starting at
different times with different
capabilities, and we're and we're very
dynamically comparing that compute. It's
price performance over time. That's
really, really important to us, when it
lands, and what we think we can do with
it internally in the business. And so,
there's so many different variables you
have to optimize for around, you know,
what computer it is, at what cost, um,
and over what time horizon. But we have
a pretty dynamic way of looking at kind
of near-term compute and then
medium-to-long-term compute. But the
things we're assessing are largely the
same. What is different is just the time
horizon. What about the tradeoffs of
price per performance, the tradeoff
between like cost per token or
something, throughput, and speed? From
the customer perspective, they care
about both. Speed of unlocks some
capability and use cases that are really
interesting that we don't know about yet
as these things get faster. Can you talk
a little bit about that trade-off in in
compute as you're assessing it?
>> As we look across, you know, three
different uh chip platforms, we also
have multiple generations uh of of chips
within it, right? So, it could be TPU,
you know, V5E and V6 and V7 and Tranium
2, Tranium 3. All of them are at
different places on the price
performance curve. And then, we
importantly look at how we will utilize
it, right? Price performance is
important because of efficiency. Speed
is also important for certain use cases
as well. So, we look at the compute down
down to a very granular level in terms
of like what it can deliver for us and
when. And that's something that we do,
you know, again, our compute team leads
that, but we closely collaborate across
the business to say like, "Where do we
need this compute and for what?" Right?
Okay, we might need, you know, CPUs for
for for RL. We might need this, you
know, more leading-edge compute and
we're going to deploy it for, you know,
our best and fastest models or for
training them. And so, from our
perspective, it's it's customer demand,
but it's also really down quite granular
in terms of what is each chip best for,
and then what will we have when.
>> I'm always so curious by the metabolism
of in in this case Anthropic for new
compute. Like how fast you could take if
I air-dropped on you twice the compute
that you have tomorrow. Like would you
consume that and how fast would you
consume that if I air-dropped 10 times
the compute on top of you. How fast
would you consume it? Can you calibrate
us on that sort of thing? Like is demand
actually It feels like demand's
unlimited. Between these three, you
know, uses, training, internal, customer
demand, everyone's saying the same
thing. Um shortages everywhere, memory
stocks, you know, mooning. Is it that
extreme that like if you 2x or 5x or 10x
the amount available to you tomorrow,
you would just like more or less
instantly consume it?
>> This goes back to like how how we use it
and and the fungibility of it. So, the
answer is, you know, we're constrained
kind of across those use cases Uh
internally today. And, you know, I would
say that, you know, a year or two ago it
would have been harder to consume,
especially like a heterogeneous kind of
compute drop in your example,
really quickly because these chip
platforms are different. And they are
different, some are harder to operate,
some of them have, you know,
idiosyncrasies in terms of how we use
it. I would say today that, you know,
getting a bunch more compute, I think it
would be deployed, you know, very
rapidly across those different use
cases. We probably have the same kind of
allocation or or or calibration that we
do with compute today. But, it's become
a lot easier for us to spin up very
quickly and deploy like almost any type
of compute. And that's something again
we think is a is a real advantage.
>> Back to the ways the customers are using
Anthropic. One of the interesting
tensions and trade-offs that I'm
fascinated to hear how you think through
is between sort of the platform approach
where I build my business on top of
Claude and it powers my thing versus you
doing the thing that I wanted to build.
So, this is like the classic like, you
know, Claude design versus Figma or
something like this.
How do How do you think about the right
balance of how deep into the application
layer you should go
versus just being a pure enabling layer
of like we're going to provide the
reasoning engine and the intelligence
and, you know, world go forth and and
build whatever you want, you know, pass
through the API or or whatever. That
seems like a fascinating internal
discussion and and and tension to some
degree.
>> Yeah, the way I would think about it is
most of what we're building is platform.
And we think that there's so many
examples of where a platform can accrue
a lot of value, but the customers who
are building on that platform actually
create even more value. We think that's
where what we're setting up for today.
It's maybe akin to the early days of
AWS, right? If you think about the
Claude platform and all the tools and
services that are now built into it cuz
it's not just the the raw model access.
It is, you know, prompt caching and the
ability to use virtual machines and you
know, Claude code being called within
there or dispatch or the Claude agent's
SDK, manage agents. All of these are
effectively, I think of as vectors to
access that model intelligence for other
companies to build into their own
products. That's most of what we're
focused on and really most of where we
think the business is is is going and
will end and from where we are today.
That said, like we will also build our
own applications on that same platform
where a couple of things are true.
Number one, if if we feel like we have,
you know, a vision into where the models
are going and we can kind of demonstrate
that and create customer value in that,
that might be something like Claude
code, right? We are able to say,
"Actually, a lot of what's out there in
the market was developer-led. Claude
code is a platform that's Claude-led and
we think the models can't quite do that
today when it was when it was launched,
you know, a little over a year ago, but
we think they'll get there and they
have." And so, one is kind of building
ahead to model capabilities. The second
is thinking about ways to like
demonstrate value for the ecosystem that
others might emulate, right? If you
think about Claude for financial
services or Claude for life sciences or
even something like Claude security,
these are ways in which we've kind of
composed the platform. Again, we're
building on the same platform as our
customers and we think that is that
creates like a
a level playing field. We also think
that there's so much value that's going
to accrue in these in some of these
areas that, you know, our customers can
win and we can win as well, which is why
you've seen, you know, as we've launched
some of these products, we've done them
in a collaborative kind of
partnership-oriented way, whether that
be on the security side or or, you know,
design or financial services, we've
partnered with the ecosystem. So, I
think of our strategy as mostly
horizontal.
Um we'll build vertical where, you know,
we think we have some value to add or a
perspective that's useful or a way to
demonstrate to the market like how we
think about, you know, our platform
adding value and a lot of the value is
going to accrue to the customers that
are building on top of it. Our goal is
build the best models,
and then build the products and tools
and services that allow that
intelligence to proliferate within
customers.
>> How much do you care that it's just a
reality that people are scared of you?
That that like there's a there's a sense
that because you control the most
essential piece of these new
applications, that the underlying
intelligence reasoning engine, that may
totally be true and maybe already is
true that more of the value is accruing
on top of the Anthropic platform than is
being captured by it. But nonetheless,
it's still scary to imagine,
um and I guess maybe you could say
something similar about cloud and AWS or
something like that. But how much do you
think and care about the fact that some
of your would-be customers or existing
customers are in fact scared of you as a
competitor?
>> Part of what is hard in this business is
it's changing so so quickly. So the
model capabilities like
it sometimes even surprise us.
>> Yeah.
>> And so when we release models or
products on top of that, like there's an
element of of what's happened, you know,
in prior waves over the course of 5
years, 10 years, 20 years, is happening
in months now. And when we release
things, people are also surprised by it
in some ways in the same way that we
were surprised by it. But I think
fundamentally, what we are trying to do
is like be very partner oriented towards
the ecosystem. And that means that, you
know, we have, you know, early access
programs. We work very closely with
customers. We listen to them about what
capabilities they want. That doesn't
mean that the things we release are
sometimes not moments where you're like,
"Wow, that's way more powerful than I
thought it would be." Or I didn't
realize the models would be able to do
that this quickly. I think that part of
that is a reality of where we are in
this cycle, um and in this kind of
development of intelligence. But part of
it is also like we want to make those
capabilities really accessible, and that
should accrue a lot of value to
customers as well. And customers that
are front-footed on that and adopt and
and frankly also ones that are building
and using the tools that we offer on our
platform, we think we can actually
accelerate them. I think some of it's a
reality of kind of frontier model
development, but our approach to it is
probably a a little different and more
partner-oriented.
>> You said before going 9 to 30 in the
first quarter, the pace is so insane,
which makes me wonder about pricing.
Like the the the dynamic of how to price
tokens or or, you know, use of the of
the system is so fascinating to me
because I think a lot of people a year
ago would say price is going to it's
it's going to constantly fall, but
actually what's happening is it's going
up in many cases. And this is true at
different levels, whether it be, you
know, the Mythos pricing that that is
quite high cuz it's so powerful, the
cost of an H100, you know, the rental
price of a cost of an H100 is well, you
know, looks like a smile curve. I'm very
curious why if everyone is
compute-constrained, why everyone
doesn't just raise prices a lot to try
to find like what the the right
equilibrium is. And so I don't know if
you just like riff on on pricing. Like
how you think about it, what the
trade-offs are, why not raise prices a
lot.
>> is only a little over 5 years old. This
past March was the third anniversary of
the first dollar of revenue into the
business. And we only had a frontier
model for real for the first time in
March of 2024. So the time scale of
these things is kind of it's an
important backdrop. Our pricing has been
relatively stable across, you know,
Haiku, Sonnet, and Opus. And now Mythos
is obviously is is newer. But you know,
we've made very few pricing changes. The
biggest pricing change we made was to
bring down the price of the Opus family
when we launched Opus 4.5. And if we
thought about why did we do that, it's
really because we found that Opus class
models were underutilized relative to
their capability, right? And so people
were trying to often fit an Opus problem
into a Sonnet workload. And we because
again of the efficiency improvements
that we were able to make, we were able
to serve that
um very efficiently from our
perspective, but actually bring down the
price, which made it more accessible to
customers. And so, it it it goes back a
little bit to like we want our customers
to generate a lot of value from it. And
they're generating a ton of ROI from our
models today. We want them that to just
continue because our goal is to
proliferate this, you know, throughout
the ecosystem. We think we're in the
very, very early innings on all of these
use cases. The best way to do that is,
you know, to get this intelligence in
the hands of as many businesses from
startups, you know, to digitally native
businesses to the largest companies in
the world.
Some of that means that you have to make
it in a price point that's accessible
and that allows them to get a lot of
value from it. The changing the pricing
for Opus actually, you know, you see
this Jevons paradox, right? Like we
lowered the price of it, but the
consumption went up way, way more than
what you would have expected. And so,
because we kind of, you know, hit that
sweet spot, you know, for customers,
they were able to use it a lot more. We
had the efficiency to be able to serve
it to customers at scale. And then, they
were able to build that into their
workloads such that when we release Opus
46, it's a model improvement, they can
slot it in. We didn't change the price.
And so, we think pricing stability is is
important. Um and we also think that
pricing to get that value and to see
that kind of Jevons paradox happen um is
really important.
>> The the other component of this is
margins and
>> how you think about margins as a
business. Again, because this is so
unbelievably capital intensive to to
build these frontier labs, you've got
the levers we talked about with it,
which is efficiency, price, like both
those things, you know, relate to
margin.
Apologies if it's like a naive
perspective, but given how much capital
you need, why not just say we want to
have a healthy margin and sort of set
the price accordingly and maybe that
price can come down if efficiency is
better or whatever. And so, I'm curious
how you think about margins as it
relates to pricing in the business.
>> Yeah, I would say we think about what is
the return on our compute spend, right?
Writ large. So, that is all of the
different workloads that we've talked
about, whether it's serving customers,
model development. If you think of all
of those are kind of in support of
revenue over different time scales,
right? If I serve inference, it's in
support of revenue today. If I do model
development, it might help for a
capability that unlocks TAM that drives
revenue six months from now. And
everything in between. If I do internal
acceleration to to launch a new product,
all of these things are in support of
that. I will say our our returns on
those compute that compute expense today
are robust. They're robust, and we think
of it as what is the return on that full
envelope of compute. And so, we feel
really good about where we are from from
that perspective, and we're balancing
delivering value to customers with also
seeing a really really strong return on
that computer ourselves. And if you
think about when revenue grows, as we
mentioned, kind of in Q1, you know, it's
not like we onboarded a bunch of new
compute in that time period. We talked
about compute comes based on a ramp that
might have been determined 12 months
ago. And so,
the this idea of a variable cost that's
like on the incremental to serve a
customer is is is a little bit like it
it doesn't really fit our business,
right? It tries to maybe fit our
business into like a software paradigm,
but that's that's not the case. In in
actuality, compute is supporting all of
these activities, and we're really
generating a robust return on that
compute, and that's our measuring stick.
And so, you know, I think I think it's
something where, you know, we,
you think of the compute envelope that
we have as the thing that is able to
govern how much we're able to drive
revenue both over the short term and the
long term.
>> So, so if if you're the, you know, this
great customer of the compute providers,
what does that group need to do to be
great to be a great provider to you to
help you drive that return?
>> So, we're fortunate in that we have
really great partners in Amazon, in
Google, in Microsoft, but also with
Broadcom and Nvidia as well. And so, our
our ecosystem, you know, we are, you
know, the only model that's on all three
clouds today. We're the only language
lab that's using all three of these chip
platforms. And really these
collaborations are much deeper than just
like procurement. I think that's
something that that that's often lost.
If you think about our relationship with
Amazon, you know, our teams are deeply
embedded with the Anthropic Labs team.
You know, we are, you know, really good
users of training. We've spent a lot of
time and energy and work closely with
the team and internally we plan capacity
together. And if you think about the the
three clouds, they're great distribution
engines for us, too. We We have a really
really robust first-party business as
well. But it's These are multi-faceted
partnerships, whether it be on, you
know, developing the chips themselves,
landing that capacity, serving it, and
then ultimately distributing to the
customers.
>> I'm thinking about your function like
the finance team and the ways that you
might use I'm picturing this like ROI on
compute thing on different horizons with
all these complex variables, which makes
me wonder, how do you use these powerful
tools yourself internally to run your
group and the business? Like what what
what is the deployment of Claude Code
and Claude in general on the finance
team at Anthropic?
>> Yeah, so this is really interesting
because we were using Claude Code, you
know, about a year ago. You know, I
started asking people like is everyone
just live coding? And we started to use
Claude Code as almost like a you know,
an assistant, a digital co-worker, not
just for coding tasks. And that actually
was early in what eventually became
co-work, right? That was kind of an
extension of Claude Code to say what
it's done for agentic software
development, it should do for all of
knowledge work. But then like we we
started to productionize that and I'm
actually really proud. We spend a lot of
time with our product team, too. They
kind of see how we use it and get input
and feedback from that. But like today,
you know, you know, all of our legal
entities, we can produce the statutory
financial statements using Claude. And
yes, the human checks it, but all of
those financial statements are produced
with Claude. We also have a more
real-time platform called Ant Stats. It
used to take a lot of time to sift
through all the data, get some get to
the conclusions, write a memo about it
or publish a
uh you know, regular report on, you
know, what's happening over the course
of the day, what's driving it. We now
have a library of skills for Claude that
are specific to finance. I think last
last I checked there were 70 of them
that everyone can kind of access through
this kind of common repository. And on
top of that, we built an MFR, a monthly
financial review, skill. And it can
produce our monthly financial review.
It's 90 to 95% ready. And then all of
the discussion becomes about what do we
do? What are the implications? Not what
exactly happened because Claude is not
just reporting the weather. It's also
helping to think about drivers and like
why did the number change in the way it
did? And that gives you tremendous
insight into business both in terms of
this like MFR that we do, but also on a
daily basis. And so what used to take
hours to produce, you know, a weekly
report for, you know, what's driving
revenue or what's driving our compute
utilization, now comes down to 30
minutes and then we can spend our time
on the actual strategic implications of
the business. We can also get it in the
hands of business, you know, leaders
much more quickly. And so it's just just
meant that the insight engine is a lot
faster um within the company. We also
have like, you know, I have a dashboard
I look at token usage across
>> Um a leaderboard?
>> Uh yeah, we don't we don't compensate
people on it. No one's No one's trying
to token max for that, but it's really
interesting because some of the most
senior people within the finance team
are actually the biggest users of
tokens. So, it is not just, you know,
the 22-year-old who joined and has a a
coding background uh and was doing that
on the weekends and brought it to work.
It's also people using the tools to
change how they're working. Like, I
think our number one user is our our
head of tax and he's, you know, really
focused on tax policy engines and and
and automating a large parts of the
workloads that are happening within the
team. So, I love seeing that and I think
I tell people, if we're not super users
of this, if we're not pushing the limits
of it, how can you expect customers to
do that?
>> As your business scales up, everything
gets more complex, especially your
compliance and security needs. With so
many tools offering band-aids and
patches, it's unfortunately far too easy
for something to slip through the
cracks. Fortunately, Vanta is a powerful
tool designed to simplify and automate
your security work and deliver a single
source of truth for compliance and risk.
There's a reason that Ramp, Cursor, and
Snowflake all use Vanta. It frees them
to focus on building amazing
differentiated products knowing that
compliance and security are under
control. Invest Like the Best listeners
get a special offer of $1,000 off Vanta
when you go to vanta.com/invest.
I know firsthand how complex the tech
stack is for asset management firms. And
seemingly every new tool and data source
makes the problem even worse, adding
more complexity, more head count, and
more risk. Ridgeline offers a better way
forward, one unified platform that
automates away that complexity across
portfolio accounting, reconciliation,
reporting, trading, compliance, and
more, all at scale.
Ridgeline is revolutionizing investment
management, helping ambitious firms
scale faster, operate smarter, and stay
ahead of the curve. See what Ridgeline
can unlock for your firm, schedule a
demo at ridgeline.ai.
>> Just as a human, does does it freak you
out at all that all all of these I've
heard so many examples like this, it
starts to feel like we just start doing
the stuff that AI tells us to do. Like
like in the sales example or the
calendar or whatever, um and maybe
that's great. Maybe it's just such a
better coordinator and, you know, wide
thinker and optimizer than we ever could
be that we should do what it tells us to
do. But it feels like ever so slightly
dystopian to me that that that reality
is coming quickly. I've I've had
examples of it, too. And it feels kind
of cool, like it's helpful, but at the
same time if I really close my eyes, I'm
like, "Oh, I'm just like doing it doing
what it tells me versus me doing me
telling it what to do." It's a really
interesting just like human dynamic that
I'm curious for your take on.
>> I I maybe have a slightly different view
on it in in that I think like it it is
made, you know, we we've been able to
hire great people at the company, but it
has made even those incredibly talented
people so much more productive. And
there's a little bit of this um I think
of it again like Jevons paradox, but for
for labor, which is that
we have people who become incredibly
more productive. We actually we've hired
a lot more people because of that
because there's no shortage of work to
do. And now with the assistance of
Claude, you know, people are spending
less time in that MFR trying to
reconcile some number, but they're
actually thinking, "Oh, how do we
reinvest this in the business? How do we
think about um you know, kind of
dynamically allocating resources?"
Whereas before I'm working to tie out a
number or I'm, you know, in that in that
accounting example, taking a long time
to close the books. So, I actually think
of it as, you know, uh maybe even more
optimistically that it is an accelerant
to to our productivity. And that
actually means that we can get a lot
more done and that even as we grow the
team, those people be are more
productive as well as they come up the
curve on how to use Claude, you know,
within our company. And I think that's
starting to be true across many
companies as well.
>> I'd love to talk about investors and
capital formation. Of course, you've had
to raise tons and tons of capital. At
the same time, it seems as though like
if I just squint my eyes and think about
the multiple on current revenue, it's
like not that crazy in terms of like
where you're raising money. I'm so
curious for you to teach us about what
it's been like to interact with
investors. Like how you've seen their
understanding of the company evolve and
mature. Where do you think of investors
as a group kind of like understand it
now? Where do they Where are their
misunderstandings about Anthropic? Tell
us that side of your life.
>> So, I joined the company about 2 years
ago. We were closing our Series D at the
time. You know, look, that was not a
straightforward fundraising. The company
really only had a frontier model in the
middle of that fundraising. Towards the
tail end of it, the FTX transaction was
happening, which was liquidating a bunch
of Anthropic shares. And so, that was
kind of the starting point. And at that
point, the questions were
around like
why do you need to have a frontier
model? Like what's what's the returns to
this? They're also around, you know, our
mission and how we approach things.
People said, well, hey, aren't AI safety
and building a really big business,
aren't those things at odds? Um and
there were also a lot of other
misconceptions on your sales your sales
force is really small. Don't you need to
scale it like all these enterprise
software companies? And so, there was
just a bit of a paradigm around trying
to fit us, you know, into a particular
mold that had existed before. Over time,
you know, it's
it's evolved. We At the end of 2024, we
raised the Series E. You know, the
business had scaled to, you know, close
to a billion dollars of run rate
revenue. But, the day of our first close
was the day of the Deep Seek news came
out. Uh obviously we got the close done,
but certainly a ton of volatility as
people then said, wait a minute, should
I just totally re-underwrite how I think
about AI in total? And so, that was that
you know, that was a Series E. I mean,
we brought on, you know, great investors
across all of these, but people still
had some of those questions, but they
looked at our forecast and they thought,
okay, you know, I get it. You've grown,
you know, wow, you've grown to, you
know, a billion dollars of run rate
revenue so quickly, but there's no way
you're going to be able to keep it up.
Yeah, that's just not possible, right?
And there's laws of physics. You're an
enterprise, which is great, but the
adoption's going to take so much longer.
I mean, look at how long it took with
cloud and how many people are still on
prem. The business continued to prove
out the thesis that the return to
frontier intelligence is really high.
That we're we are really focused on
what's really happened is model led
growth. Uh enabled by products and our
go-to-market team and our distribution.
And then I think what they also saw was
that this thesis of like, "Hey, it's
really important to build this
transformative technology, but to do it
in the right way and do it responsibly."
That that had this
um
really interesting interlink with our
business that most people didn't really
understand or really believe. Which was
that we invest in research, not just in
model development, but also in AI safety
research, right? Like we've pioneered
interpretability, which is um think of
it as like an MRI for the model to see
inside the neural network, how it works.
We pioneered alignment science, which is
you know, you want the model to do what
you you tell it to and how often does it
do that and and how often does it stray
from that. And those things are
important for our mission and that's why
we did them. But it they had these
downstream effects where it turns out if
you can look inside the model,
you're better at building them. And then
the last linkage, if you're selling to
enterprises, like we now sell to nine of
the Fortune 10,
all of those enterprises are entrusting
us with, you know, customer information,
with their data, they're interacting
with their employees, sometimes even
interacting with their customers as
well. Um that it those are the most
sensitive workloads. The more and more
these businesses are running on Claude
and our Claude platform. When you have
this investment that we made and will
continue to make in safety,
interpretability, alignment, like that
actually inures to the benefit of the
enterprise um customers as well because
and and and all of our customers,
because if they're going to entrust us
with all of that access and all that
data, um and the ability to to to to
kind of work in the most sensitive
workflows within their company, they
want a company that they can trust. And
that's not why we invested in it, but it
it did have this kind of downstream
effect that we've really seen prove out
again and again to be a company that is
both at the frontier, but one that is
investing in safety and that you can
trust. We've raised
um you know, $75 billion since I joined
the company. We have another $50 that'll
come in in the future from the Amazon
and Google deals that we that we
enclosed last month. And so that's a
tremendous amount of capital, but it's a
capital intensive business and we need
this capital to support that growth.
But, you know, it all goes to the fact
that, you know, the business is running
very efficiently and so the reason we
raised this capital is more because of
that kind of uncertainty than it is to
fund, you know, actual losses in the
business today.
>> your own perception of this like 10
perspective for a 10x growth of the
business? Like the first time that
happened, like did you personally
believe that it was possible? Like did
that seem absurd and has it continue
like now that it's becoming consistent
and so I'm maybe maybe it's becoming
more
uh commonplace to you or something, but
what was your like own view staring at
this cone about like the odds of
hitting, you know, a 10x type of growth
so many years in a row?
>> Well, when I joined the business it had
about 250 million of run rate revenue
and the plan was to get to a billion and
I said, "Great, in what year?" And that
was like linear thinking, right? And,
you know, consistently, you know, Dario
has been a much better predictor of the
revenue uh than than I have. I think
we're going to close the gap over time
as we get better at forecasting and
understanding the business, but
yeah, definitely the first time I saw
it,
you you have all these arguments about
the laws of physics and law of large
numbers and this can't, you know, where
is the revenue coming from and how can
it be added this quickly and how can
customers move this quickly and is this
even possible in enterprise? And all of
those things start to get broken down
over time as you see how the business
works internally and you see how the
adoption curves and the um exponentials
that are happening, again, we have the
exponential that's happening on revenue,
but that's underlies it are these many
other exponentials that support that,
you start to see and and believe in that
more. Now, that doesn't mean we're not
disciplined and thoughtful about the
forecast and how we think about the
range of scenarios, but it does mean
that like that my thinking is least
shifted a lot more from linear and
incremental towards, you know, leaning
into this exponential and really, you
know, believing in in its its potential
and and and how this is just different
than how other businesses have evolved.
>> As you've talked to investors at every
stage, I'm sure every stage, every round
that you've raised, there's something
that is like the most common or hardest
thing to explain to investors or that
they're struggling the most to
understand and get their heads around.
What is that today?
>> I think it is this paradigm of how
compute is used. Thinking of it as, you
know, not, you know, not just something
that is like a variable cost over some
time period, but really this resource
that's so fungibly utilized, right? We,
you know, run workloads on one day in
the morning on a chip for inference and
in the afternoon and evening, we use it
for model development.
That is something that's, you know, that
paradigm does not exist in a company
like a like a software company or a
factory, right? If you you can't
repurpose if you have a bunch of people
doing R&D and that's your R&D expense.
They can't go and become cogs, right?
And vice versa in most traditional
companies. Here,
you really have that fungibility that's
possible and I think that's where
the return on compute is so important
and I think people are beginning to
understand that, but there's still a
tendency towards treating it like, you
know, oh, I have to separate these two
costs when in actuality, you know,
they're very self-reinforcing and that
flexibility is actually what helps to
drive revenue short-term and long-term.
>> If I was to force you out of your role
and into an investor seat at a great big
investing firm and then I said your job
is to go grill these companies and
invest in the best ones." Like what
questions would you be asking of the
labs or or companies that are building
models
to really get at the heart of
uh you know, the points of uncertainty,
of skepticism, of like things that might
not make these the best businesses of
all time. I'm curious maybe from that
angle how you would approach it.
>> So, I would say a couple of things.
First, what is the ROI on on compute
kind of all up? How are you utilizing it
and what return are you seeing today and
how is that coming over time, right?
These are the
massive kind of unprecedented
investments that companies like us are
making. What is what what's what's the
return that you're generating on that
and and when does it come and what is
the shape of it? So, I think that's one.
Um a second one is, you know, how how do
your customers see ROI in what you do?
Are people, you know, just using this
for testing? Are they actually deploying
this at meaningful scale? You know, I I
could say for our business like we're
seeing that in spades.
Uh you know, our net dollar retention
rate is over 500% on an annualized
basis. And um so, you know, it's and and
with and the the kind of nine out of the
Fortune 10, these are real real
customers making significant uh you
know, kind of buying decisions.
>> not pilots anymore.
>> Exactly. Like I on the way here I was in
in in an Uber and uh I signed two
double-digit million-dollar commits like
in the car ride, which was like 20
minutes. So,
uh from that perspective, we're we're
seeing it and and we're now being judged
by some of the biggest companies in the
world, the most sophisticated buyers,
and startups that are also you know,
they have choice in the market and
they're choosing us, but I think one
question I get a lot is, you know, or I
would ask from the investor seat, the
skeptical investor seat is like, "How
are your customers getting return from
this?" Maybe a third one is is you know,
how do you think about uh compute in the
future and like where does it come from?
Uh cuz obviously some of the places that
we buy compute from, you know, they
uh you know, sell the compute to others,
they may use the compute internally.
Like what's what is the balance of that
over time? Again, for us like one reason
why uh you know, we have multiple
different
>> And so your philosophy there is just
like
be involved with great players and have
flexibility.
>> That's right. That's right.
>> There's this crazy stat about AI, just
the generic concept, being less popular
than like Congress amongst like the
general populace. And it's like kind of
funny when you first hear it, but when
you really think about it, you're like
this is kind of Like we need to
solve this problem. It doesn't seem like
the general world that isn't in
technology, doesn't live in the Bay Area
or New York, does not yet feel or
understand why this is good for them
just as measured by their opinion of it.
What do you think is to be Do we need to
do as a as an industry about that
problem?
>> Look, I think that
if we think about the transformation
that's happening,
>> There's been other transformative waves,
right? Before.
All the way back to the Industrial
Revolution, the internet, cloud, etc. I
think what's One of the things that's
different about AI is it's all happening
so quickly. You can have, you know,
years or decades of progress that are
being compressed into months. And going
back to, you know, humans thinking in
terms of exponentials versus linear,
that can be that can be jarring. I think
we are very optimistic generally about
the potential for this technology. I
think that we as an industry can
continue to do a better job of
articulating or Dario wrote this essay,
Machines of Loving Grace. It's all about
the potential for this technology to
transform the way that we live, whether
that be in drug development and curing
diseases that are more mainstream, but
also rare diseases. And number two, in
healthcare and how healthcare is
delivered um to raise our standard of
living, you know, in in the developing
world and in places where, you know,
resources are not as plentiful. I think
that all of those things are part of the
promise and the potential of AI. And so,
we could probably do a better job of
painting that picture, and we want to
show more tangible results for that over
time. I think that is coming, and that's
one of the things I'm most optimistic
about.
I think on the other side though, we we
do, and this is again cultural to us,
like we do want to articulate the risks.
Like I don't think we should just tell
everyone everything's going to be great,
um because
you know, there there are likely to be
bumps on the road. And so, I think
people generally gravitate towards more
like honest and balanced assessments,
right? If I feel like somebody's just
telling me all the good news and none of
the bad news, then I'm like, okay, do I
really trust this perspective? I think
that's where the need There's a need for
balance and to say like, look, these are
some of the things that happen when
change is compressed over a short amount
of time. How do we work across, you
know, commercial and government to
actually come up with some of the
solutions to that. So, I think it's
about
a clear articulation of the
opportunities. It's about really
thinking about what those solutions may
be, and that's not any one company that
can, you know, come up with it. We don't
have this the blueprint that's going to
solve everything, but to at least have
that dialogue about some of the risks
and downsides and what we can do to
address it. And then I think it's being
transparent about that about both of
those things when we talk about it. And
so, over the long term, the opportunity
is going to be significantly higher and
greater than,
you know, some of the risks and the
downsides that will happen, but that
doesn't mean it's going to be perfectly
smooth on the curve.
>> The release of Mythos was a such an
interesting moment. It was the first
time many people, friends of mine that
are careful watchers of this stuff, said
something like, I'm I'm like, this one
kind of makes me scared. So, like
relates back to the safety question.
It's also the first example of you
coming out and saying like, we want to
make sure this isn't used for bad, and
it's maybe the first one that we are
worried could be used for bad. Um
I'm curious what it was like that
discussion was like internally before
the world heard about it, the
decision-making process around it. And
just using that as an example that to
talk about the things that do scare you
as as we continue to advance and the
scaling laws continue to hold.
>> Yeah, I think one of the things about
Mythos is that people maybe misconstrued
as just a a cyber model. It is a
incredibly capable model across many,
many different dimensions.
What we found was that cyber in
particular was a place where it spiked.
And so this was the first model that we
decided to release in a different way.
And and the way in which we did that,
again, is consistent with our mission,
our principles. Like we wanted to do it
in that way. And so we have this phased
approach to it because we think that
when a model is this capable, and again,
cyber is the thing that people focused
on, but you know, there are other things
as well,
we think, again, it can be used in a
positive way, right? To patch code
bases. You've seen these examples where,
um, you know, we had an open-source code
base that, you know, a prior model found
22 security vulnerabilities, and and
Mythos then found 250. Uh, so that is
kind of scary, right? But the that
informed the way in which we released
it. So we didn't say we're never going
to release it. We said, "Let's do it in
a phased way. Let's do it to, you know,
group that will expand over time where
we can, you know,
focus on this one cyber capability and
how can actually be used positively, you
know, in a in in a defensive way as as
opposed to in an offensive way. And we
think that's a template that, you know,
could be used for the future.
>> because of this one particular area, we
wanted to be cognizant of that in like
how we released it.
>> You're so big now that you like run into
everything and everyone. And one example
of this is the government just a couple
days ago said maybe there'd be this new
system where you have to sort of like
pre-approve the release of a new model
with the government before it was
released to the public. Obviously, you
had the crazy experience with the
Department of War, which I'm really
curious what that was like as you went
through it. Like now now everyone cares
about this company and this technology
and the couple other companies that are
that are building it. How do you
navigate that stuff and and some of it
is just I guess beyond your control, but
I'm sure you're trying to work with
people as best you can. Maybe talk about
those two examples of like the
government now is a very relevant um
partner, player, you know, overseer,
etc.
>> Yeah, so I think first and foremost like
we we, you know, prioritize having a
strong relationship on this because we
do think that, you know, regulation has
a role to play in in in how the are
these models are developed over time. We
are very like America first in in our
approach. We want the technology to
support the US as well as, you know,
democratic countries around the world
and um that's one of the reasons why
we've been working closely with the
administration on something on something
like Methus. I do think that there's a
balance, right? You want to be able to
have innovation happen really quickly
and and have that not be slowed down,
but you also want to have this kind of
responsibility framework for how how uh
these things are deployed because we've
long said that, you know, this
technology has implications and we
should have an honest conversation about
them and that includes with the
government. And so I think that's, you
know, I think the Methus process is a
good example of that.
>> Can you teach us a bit more about
the culture like the how you would
describe the cultural tenants to your
parents or something like this?
>> Yeah.
>> And what feels like it really drives
most of the culture?
I'm especially curious about the
writing. It feel you hear often that,
you know, Dario publishes these long
essays at, you know, every so often
externally. My understanding is he does
that way more frequently and there's a
lot of writing culture internally. I'm
just I'm trying to get a sense of what
the culture is like to be in and and
what makes it the most distinctive from
other companies maybe that you've worked
at um or from other other companies that
are trying to do the same thing and what
your sense of of the differences and the
distinctiveness.
>> The culture is a real unique aspect of
Anthropic and it is something that, you
know, we do talk about externally, but
it's different when you're kind of in
there uh living it. And maybe I can tell
you a little bit about some of my
observations. First of all, we have
seven co-founders, right? Uh that that
that shouldn't work on paper, uh but it
really does in practice. And I think
they've really set the example for
the culture and and the things that
really matter to the company. We do a
culture interview and it's not some pro
forma, you know, thing we do just to
kind of uh
check a box. It is a real part of the
evaluation process. So, somebody could
be flying colors on everything else and
really really the smartest person you
met in this role, we won't hire them if
they don't pass the culture bar. And the
way I would describe it, um I like that
frame of how would you describe it to
your parents, is it's one incredibly
collaborative. And this means that we
don't really tolerate the like fiefdoms
or the the the sharp elbows or the like
I need to take credit for this. It's
incredibly humble. It's like, you know,
our our competitors are incredibly
capable and success is far from
guaranteed. And I think that's like
really part of
how the company operates. If we reach a
milestone and something good happens
like there's not confetti on the floor.
It's like, what's next? And I think it's
just that focus on the mission and the
alignment that kind of is imbued
throughout the culture of the company.
The other thing I would say is, you
know, there's there's rigorous debate,
right? There is there's um an
intellectual openness and intellectual
honesty uh that happens where, you know,
people question things. People people
will, you know, uh really uh express a
point of view, but then there's dialogue
around it that's productive. And then,
you know, we'll decide on a path
forward. And then there's after that
happens, there's real alignment. So, in
something like compute allocation we
were talking about before,
people might have different perspectives
on how to allocate that compute, but
they will engage in a like thoughtful
discussion about where the returns are
the highest or the best. And when they
do that, you know, when we come to a
decision, then there's alignment on it.
There's not second-guessing, there's not
this kind of politics or fiefdom. The
other piece of it is it's remarkably
transparent, the culture, right? So,
Dario gets up in front of the company
every 2 weeks, usually writes a short
document, and he talks about, you know,
usually three or four topics, and then
takes open questions from the company.
And these are not softballs, they're not
like planted questions, they're just
real questions that are on people's
mind. And he answers them the best that
he can, and it's not a decision-making
forum, but it is a way for the company
to get a window into how leadership is
thinking, how he's thinking, and there's
debate and dialogue in that. And I think
that is something that people really
value. Like, it is a transparent
culture, it is one where, you know, all
seven of the co-founders are still at
the company, the vast majority of the
first, you know, 20 to 30 employees are
still at the company, and I think the
culture underpins the reason why we've
been able to attract and retain some of
the best talent in the industry, right?
Because we don't always pay people the
most. We have, you know, very
competitive compensation packages, but
when, you know, Meta and others were
out, you know, with these huge packages
for some of the technical talent in the
in across the large language labs, I
think we lost two people. And other labs
lost dozens.
>> What parts of the business and the
culture, I mean specifically for
researchers, why do you think that's
that's
>> That is true. I think it is it really is
underpinned by the culture. And and and
that's not just something we feel, it's
like empirically, when you talk to
people, it's, you know, I want to have
the most impact possible. I want to work
in a place where,
again, this idea of talent density
mattering more than talent mass. And I
want to work in a place that is actually
collaborative versus I have to like
fight for this one thing, and I feel
like it wasn't discussed and debated in
the right way, or um there wasn't
transparency around how a decision was
made. I think that actually really
matters because most of our team just
wants to do really really good work, and
they're attracted to the company for the
mission. The idea of having an impact on
a company like ours um that is trying to
develop this transformative technology,
but to do it in a responsible way, I
think that that really matters to the
people um not just on the research team,
but across the company. And that we
think is a real advantage for us, and
it's not something that is that we that
we take lightly. We have this concept of
a race to the top. We want, you know, we
don't always have all the right answers.
We don't always do everything perfectly,
but we want others to, you know, look at
some of the things we do and maybe
emulate some pieces of that and actually
like have the technology be developed in
a better way across the industry. I
think people are also really attracted
to that as well. Again, not that we have
all the answers, but that we can be a a
part of contributing and leading to how
this, you know, can go well for
humanity.
>> As you're having conversations with
people internally,
what what does the frontier feel like to
you? I don't just mean the model
frontier. I mean like what the next
couple of of rolls of the dice here
in building AI in general?
Uh everyone is kind of wise to like
these things are powerful. Everyone's
using them. It's becoming It's
diffusing. People are becoming accept
accepting of them. What feels to you
like the the frontier from the inside?
>> I think it's this idea and again, it's
because we're focused on enterprise and
because, you know, we're really trying
to,
you know, change the productivity of
knowledge work that's done in the
economy. I think it is towards this
vision or this goal of like a virtual
collaborator. And so, think of this as,
you know, something that has context
within your organization that can use
all of the tools that are specific to
you, whether they be homegrown tools or
tools that you purchase. That has, you
know, the memory and the ability to like
effectively learn from mistakes you've
made, but also mistakes that it's made
over time. And then the the ability to
work over a very long time horizon on
not just a task, but an but an actual
idea. And so,
what that means for us is the model
capability has to continue to grow to
support that. And then the products we
build on top of it can unlock this
virtual collaborator that we think, you
know, can really accelerate knowledge
work. But you have to get it in the
right form factor, right? It's This is
where like intelligence is not just a
single dimension. It's It's It's
multiple things. But the virtual
collaborator kind of combines many of
those things, right? Which is something
that's not just generically smart, but
it's smart for your use cases. And I
think again, what we're seeing in coding
is something that we expect to see
elsewhere. For us, like Claude Code has
led the way on that as well as like much
of the the the the business that um we
have great great customers in in that
are pushing the coding frontier as well.
But then you also see something like
Co-work come along and start to unlock
that. Co-work is growing faster than
Claude Claude Code was if you index them
to the same point in time. That's kind
of remarkable cuz developers are really
fast adopters of this technology, but I
think it's it's because the model
capabilities in the products are pushing
towards this this notion of a virtual
collaborator where even our product
development today is not done by like
one product manager with two engineers
shipping something over 3 months. It's
shipping daily and there's a fleet of
agents that are working across the
company on a specific task. So, everyone
kind of becomes a manager. And I think
the implications of that and the
productivity gain that can come from
that when it's in the right form factor
uh is we're very very early in that, but
the potential for it is incredible.
>> Crazy to imagine. I'm curious how
you've had to personally evolve to be
able to stay doing this. Like, um you
hear a lot about these stories about all
the the executives have to scale with
the company or or also get new
executives. You know, the business that
you were at prior to this is a great
business, but it was a tiny Cedar was a
tiny tiny fraction of the scale. So, you
like everyone is in this new
unprecedented thing. You talked about
the example of like getting out of
linear into ex- you know, into more
exponential type thinking. That's one
example of what I mean. But, what how
how have you managed it personally?
Like, how what have you had to do?
What's been the most painful? Like, how
do you manage your own ability to scale
with this thing that's scaling faster
than what we've seen before?
>> Yeah, it's it's really hard. But, I
think the important thing is to think in
first principles, right? So, this is
like everyone has priors when they come
to to
something new.
Thinking in first principles and having
like intellectual openness, you know, I
um I spent a lot of time with with Tom
Brown, our chief compute officer. He was
actually one of the first people to
interview me at the company. And I
remember we we went on a walk like um
uh it was a bit before I started. And it
was we walked around the mission in San
Francisco for 2 and 1/2 hours. And he
started to tell me about his vision for
the future of the company. And this is
in 2024, early 2024. And I'll be honest,
it sounded crazy. He would walk me all
the way home and uh and I I remember I
came in and I told my wife I was like,
this is going to be wild. Like, uh if if
even
10% of that is true, like this is
going to bend all paradigms of of what
not just things I've seen, but what most
people have seen. And it turns out that
a lot of what Tom said during that walk
has come to fruition. But, I remember
that as like an early formative thing,
coming home and being like, holy
Like, this is going to be uh
totally different and new and, you know,
a incredible experience, but also really
challenging one. And that that's what
it's been. The other piece of this is
just hiring great people. You know, I
try to hire people and I I tell people
during the interview process, I'm like,
I'm not really hiring you as like a
direct report of mine. I'm hiring you as
a partner, and I want you to treat it as
a partnership, which means that there
might be things that you and I disagree
on. I want to hear that. I want to like
whiteboard it. I want to understand
like, you know, I've we've hired people
from some of the best companies in the
world. They come to this from a
different perspective, right? They might
come to it from a hyperscaler or large
software company or from financial
services. In another lifetime, you know,
I worked at Blackstone in the private
equity group, like that training is
really valuable and thinking about
things at a granular level and not
losing that. Like I'm not somebody who
is comfortable at 50,000 feet. That's
just like not me, but you can't be at
500 feet at everything in this business.
There's too much surface area. And so
having people who can be partners in
that is really really critical. I think
the last piece is to think about, you
know, how the business, you know,
evolves over time and where there might
be moments or analogs to things that
have happened in the past. You know, I
was I helped lead the financing that
Airbnb did, you know, in the middle of
the pandemic. Very different situation,
right? The business lost 70% of its
revenue in 7 weeks. I know Brian was
just
did did did did a show with you. That
was a harrowing time, but it was also a
time kind of without precedent, right?
Where you had to think about things with
a clear perspective when it was rapidly
changing and there was not a good
template or pattern to match. And then
on a personal level, like look, it is
hard to balance everything, you know,
family and friends and and and and
certainly this job, you know, it kind of
takes a big bite out of all that. But
what I do try to do, maybe once a week,
is in a quiet moment just think, "Wow,
this is really cool." It's it's It's an
incredible Yeah, it's an incredible
opportunity to work you know, with this
group of people on this problem at this
company at this moment in time. And I
try to do that, you know, again, maybe
it's in a car ride, maybe it's late at
night or something like that. Just
having that like recognition and that
um appreciation is really important.
>> tell you on the walk that sounded most
crazy?
>> I mean, he he we talked a lot about the
scale of the computer infrastructure,
what um models could do in a short
amount of time. I think, you know, he
described a world that I would have said
is kind of sci-fi. Um but a lot of what
we're experiencing here and now
have really roots in that conversation.
And so, uh there's even more things that
I talked about that are probably beyond
where where we are today, but I think
the the the commonality of it was that,
you know, everything is going to happen
much quicker than we think and that the
the both the implications, but also the
capabilities of that can change. And
then, he also had like a really, you
know, incredible optimism about about
the future that I think, uh you know, we
talk about internally kind of holding
light and shade. That's one of the
things we say. And I think like I came
from that conversation with just a bunch
of questions, but also just a a sense of
positivity about what could happen in
the future.
>> It seems like we spent most of our time
talking about because it's been the
reality that we exist at the high end of
that cone.
What can you imagine that would cause
that to change to the low end of that
cone? Like how if we were to do like
some sort of pre-mortem on a year from
now or like, "Wow, actually we didn't
need nearly as much computer as we
thought." or something like that. I
What What can you imagine that would
shift us meaningfully in that in that
cone?
>> I think the first thing would be
the diffusion rate within our customers.
The use cases are playing catch-up to
the model capability. And
I think, you know, look, these are we
are talking about humans in large
organizations with a set of tools and
practices and things that they've been
doing for a really long time. Change is
hard, right? And so, to the extent that
that diffusion, you know, hits a wall or
slows down or something like that, um
that could affect the kind of rate of
change in terms of uh revenue growth.
You know, certainly the scaling laws uh
slowing down or not holding, we don't
see that. We can't say that with 100%
certainty. I think that would be
uh that that would be silly. We
certainly believe in the trajectory, but
um the model capabilities leveling off
uh would be would be um
uh another thing. And then, you know,
maybe third is is just how how we think
about um you know, being at the
frontier. You know, today we're at the
frontier. I think we're defining the
frontier of a agentic AI. We need to
stay there, right? And it's a
competitive market, and
uh we're going to continue to invest in
the technology and the compute and the
go-to-market that's required to be
there, but that's not guaranteed,
either.
>> you most excited about? Like, you get to
you have a privileged seat. You sort of
get to literally see the future because
it's happening inside the business
before the those outside the business
see it. With that perspective and in
that seat, what what what are you most
excited about in the future?
>> I really think that the the
biotechnology and healthcare outcomes
that can come from this technology are
the things that I'm most optimistic
about it. We may live in a world where
you're diagnosed with a disease that is
not curable, but in your lifetime that
cure can be found much more rapidly, and
you actually might not die of that
disease. And I think of this as like,
you know, a lot of what we're doing
today is helping to speed up the the the
drug uh development process, right? A
lot of the paperwork and clinical
studies reports and things like that
that are needed to be done. AI and our
solutions in particular are helping to
rapidly accelerate that. I'm really most
optimistic and excited about when it
goes further back into drug development
and drug discovery because, you know,
our humans are are are incredibly
capable at research, but if you think
about these molecules and proteins, like
they're so complex and such small
changes have such big implications for
the outcomes, AI is perfect for that. If
you think about what can happen when the
labs throughput goes up 10x or 100x and
we can run that many more experiments,
you could probably get better results
faster and that can be something that
helps, you know, people around the
world, right? And it doesn't have to be
limited to a a small set of diseases or
disorders. It can really go much further
down the chain. And so, I think that has
the potential to, you know, greatly
alter the way that we
live and the way that we interact and
that's really exciting to me.
>> I sure hope you're right. It sure seems
like we're on that trajectory and it's
it's quite a future to imagine. This is
so much fun. I feel like we covered so
many interesting aspects of the business
that, you know, you don't I don't think
you've done this before, so you you
know, don't get this amazing
perspective. When I do these, I ask the
same traditional closing question. What
is the kindest thing that anyone's ever
done for you?
>> I have a brother who's five and a half
years older than me and we lived in
California when when he went to to
college. He got into to everywhere he
applied to and he was going to go to
medical school after that and so,
I didn't know any of this at the time.
So, he ended up going to college in
state and and he he did exceptionally
well. It's kind of years later that
I kind of had to pull this out of him,
but, you know, in in deciding where to
go to college, you know, we were solidly
middle class as a as a family and, you
know, this was like 25, 30 years ago.
You know, the financial aid packages
weren't, you know, as robust as they are
today and a big factor in his decision,
I found out, you know, many many many
years later, was you know, wanting to
give me the opportunity to go wherever I
wanted.
Even though, you know, that was six
years out and who knows how I how how it
would turn out. I didn't know that and I
and and it was something that, you know,
12-year-old me or 13-year-old me would
have never would have never really
understood. But now, you know, many
years later, I think that's something
that was incredibly kind and is
something that, you know, I still kind
of hold with me today.
>> Wow, I've done this like 600 times or
something. I've never heard an answer
like of that type that's that's awesome,
amazing. Roshan, thanks so much for
doing this with me.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me, Patrick.
Really enjoyed it.
>> You know how small advantages compound
over time? That's true in investing and
just as true in how you run your
company. Your spending system is your
capital allocation strategy. Ramp makes
it smarter by default. Better data,
better decisions, better economics over
time. See how at ramp.com/invest.
As your business grows, Vanta scales
with you, automating compliance and
giving you a single source of truth for
security and risk. Learn more at
vanta.com/invest.
Every investment firm is unique and
generic AI doesn't understand your
process. Rogo does. It's an AI platform
built specifically for Wall Street,
connected to your data, understanding
your process, and producing real
outputs. Check them out at
rogo.ai/invest.
The best AI and software companies from
OpenAI to Cursor to Perplexity use
WorkOS to become enterprise ready
overnight, not in months. Visit
workos.com to skip the unglamorous
infrastructure work and focus on your
product. Ridgeline is redefining asset
management technology as a true partner,
not just a software vendor. They've
helped firms 5x in scale, enabling
faster growth, smarter operations, and a
competitive edge. Visit
ridgelineapps.com
to see what they can unlock for your
firm.